DEVX-2187: Convert "Lookups" recipe to KT (#649)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/joining-stream-table/ksql/markup/dev/populate-ratings.adoc

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="sql">{% include_raw tutorials/joining-stream-table/ksql/code/tutorial-steps/dev/populate-ratings.sql %}</code></pre>
+++++

[NOTE]
.Populating Data
====
One fundamental operation for working with tables is populating them with data. There are a number of ways to do this:

 * Use ksqlDB's `INSERT INTO VALUES` syntax.
 * Use the Apache Kafka® clients to write data to the underlying topics.
 * Use connectors to source data from external systems.

> This tutorial uses ksqlDB `INSERT INTO VALUES` syntax. For an example on how to use the Apache Kafka® clients to write data to the underlying topics, see link:https://kafka-tutorials.confluent.io/kafka-console-consumer-producer-basics/kafka.html[*Kafka console producer basics*] and for an example on how to use connectors to source data from external systems, see link:https://kafka-tutorials.confluent.io/connect-add-key-to-source/ksql.html[*creating a ksqlDB table from PostgresSQL data using Kafka Connect*].

Reviewer: @awalther28 FYC, feel free to ignore if you intentionally chose the console producer

```suggestion
This tutorial uses ksqlDB `INSERT INTO VALUES` syntax. For an example on how to use the Apache Kafka® clients to write data to the underlying topics, see link:https://kafka-tutorials.confluent.io/creating-first-apache-kafka-producer-application/kafka.html[*building your first Kafka producer application*] and for an example on how to use connectors to source data from external systems, see link:https://kafka-tutorials.confluent.io/connect-add-key-to-source/ksql.html[*creating a ksqlDB table from PostgresSQL data using Kafka Connect*].
```

Author: I did but this looks like a better fit given it is specifically talking about Apache Kafka® client applications
